my name is Tommy Stewart and I own Patti
Reds irish pub with my son Kevin we were
located in downtown Fort Worth on Fox
Molton Street we're the only underground
the bar down here my hope for this
business is that did it grows it
continues to grow and it gives Kevin a
wonderful life and the great experience
live from the mission is to provide
credit to small businesses that wouldn't
qualify through normal means so through
traditional financial institutions well
I was a single mom for many many years
and I decided that I wanted to become a
real tour so I went ahead and took the
classes and I got my license and I've
been doing this now 22 years so often
our clients come with them some
challenges and so we have single moms or
single fathers that are looking to make
a better life for their families and one
way to do that is by starting their
business it's their legacy to their
family and lift fund supports that
anyone that's running a small business
knows that there are those times when
things just happen we see the coolers
behind me several husband is broken
our air handlers have gone down if your
air handler goes down on Friday morning
you have to be in business Friday night
so having the funds to be able to
address those kind of problems
immediately very important to us lift
one gives hope to clients we give the
resources of connections without live
fun new businesses wouldn't get started
or they would close we contacted much
fun through the SBA and interest in our
business which is just astounding Levin
has dispersed over 2,500 loans in the
dfw market and we have leant over 30
million dollars since 1999 I went to
them and they gave me alone give me a
small loan to begin with and then I went
a second time and it gave me a large a
little bit larger loan and now i'm
working on the third law to do the
marketing